[people chattering]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
All right. you two.
There you go. Enjoy.
[Moon Yeong] No. no!
Uh. p-please!
[cries] Do not do this!
[speaking Korean]
[in English] Please...
Miles.
P-Please! Please!
My husband not do this!
Not do this! Help!
- [Palmer] We're just
doing our jobs.
- What the hell?
Help! Help!
- What's going on?
- Back up. buddy.
[Moon Yeong]
Husband do not do this!
Wh-Why would they
arrest Lee?
I don't know.
- Stay clear. Stand clear.
- [Moon Yeong sobs]
Someone help!
Do you think this could be
about the murder?
No fucking way.
- He not do this.
We're friends. Help.
- Can't you do something. Dad?
- Not without being arrested.
- Help! [pants]
- [Palmer] Step back.
- Help!
- No. Don't.
- [in Korean]
[in English] Hey. hey.
That's her husband.
- [bystander 1] That's Lee.
- [bystanders chattering]
Dispatch. Unit 37.
Possible civil disturbance
in business district.
Backup requested.
- This gathering exceeds
the legal limit...
- [crowd muttering]
...and now constitutes
an unlawful assembly.
Anyone who fails to disperse
will be arrested.
[keyboard typing]
[radio chatter]
[Shireen] Whoa...
Um. hey. boss?
[Walt] Yeah. Reen. What's up?
Take a look at this.
It's glitchy but...
Get this to Houston ASAP.
And to Dev.
He's gonna wanna see this.
[phone keyboard clicking]
[chuckles]
[Aleida] Now keep in mind.
this data is incomplete.
The S.E.E.K.E.R.s only gave us
a partial data stream.
but we are seeing
strong evidence
that something's making
proteins on Titan.
Now. I hate to say it's life
before we're sure.
so let's make goddamn sure.
And I don't want to hear about
any of this getting out.
We have a head start
on our competitors.
Can't let that slip away.
[inhales sharply] All right.
let's get to work.
[sighs]
Can you believe it?
Walt may have found
life. Kelly.
[gasps]
Life.
This could be huge.
Right? Get back here
as soon as you can.
Dev wants to talk to you.
[sighs] Holy shit.
[exhales sharply]
[door opens. closes]
[static crackles]
[radio chatter]
- [device beeps]
- [sighs]
Can I help you?
Yeah. I'm here
to see Lee Jung-Gil.
Not possible.
Why not?
Sheriff James has revoked
all visitation until
further notice.
That's bullshit.
He can't do that.
Well. if you'd like to.
uh. file an appeal.
fill out this form.
check back with us
in a day or two.
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Ed. you know you can't
take off your ankle monitor.
What are you doing here?
I came to see you.
You think I was just
gonna sit back
and let you rot in here
all by your lonesome?
I do not know what to say.
Well. you can start
by telling me
what the hell is going on.
You know they're saying
you killed this guy.
[breathes heavily]
I did fight him.
Remember the man
I told you about?
But I swear to you...
[breathes heavily]
...I didn't kill him.
Your word's
good enough for me.
[breathing heavily]
Hey.
Thank you.
Buddy.
It'll be okay.
There's a lot of people out
there that are pulling for you.
care about you.
- That'll testify.
- Don't.
- Trial will not be here.
- What?
Yeah. They are moving me
to... [inhales sharply]
- ...neutral country.
- I know the M-6 Charter.
They can't send you back
to Earth without holding
a hearing here first.
Because of my status they say
the rules do not apply to me.
They are putting me
on next transport.
Ed. promise me...
you will take care
of Nam Moon Yeong.
Okay. no. [stammers]
Enough of that.
You're not going back.
["Stormy Weather"
plays on radio]
[Lily] It's bullshit.
Sending him back.
It's all just so crazy.
Well. that's how it works.
You break the rules.
you go back.
Remember Sam's dad?
Yeah.
it's fucked up.
I mean. if they're
saying Lee did this
then he should be tried
here by Marsies.
Yeah. I mean.
i-if he gets sent down there
he'll be convicted for sure.
- Maybe he should be.
- [chuckles]
What? Oh. come on.
There's no way
he killed that guy.
And you're basing this
on what exactly?
Well. I can't tell you
how many times my parents
have had him and Moon Yeong
over for dinner.
Yeah. I-I've known him
since I was eight.
I never once
saw him get angry.
I mean. he never even
raised his voice.
Come on. Alex.
That's a little naive. no?
The nice man who gave you candy
when you were little
couldn't possibly
do something bad?
[Lily] I hear
what you're saying
but it's-it's not
like that. Lee is...
He's so gentle
and affectionate
with his wife.
And I just...
I just don't see it.
Isn't that what they always say
about serial killers?
"He was such a nice man.
So considerate to
his neighbors."
Until they found
a dozen dead bodies
buried in his backyard.
But then by that logic
you can't trust anyone.
Ever.
Welcome to the Soviet Union.
["Stormy Weather" continues]
[lighter flicks]
[patrons chattering]
[inhales sharply]
You okay. hon?
It's just not right.
- This is his home.
he should get to stay up here.
- [phone buzzes]
[sighs] I can't believe they're
sending him back Earthside.
Everyone's pissed.
You know. maybe we should
get everyone here tonight.
Talk about it.
Yeah. good idea.
I'm gonna head to
the loading dock.
[chattering continues]
[sighs]
Thanks for coming.
Thought I'd pick some place
nostalgic for you.
I told you to stop
contacting me.
What do you want?
That was some shit show
with Lee yesterday. huh?
Are you surprised?
It's bullshit. There's
no way he killed that man.
- I know Lee was well-liked.
- Is well-liked.
That's what I said.
No. it wasn't.
All right. well.
either way.
You always seem to have
your finger on the pulse.
So to speak.
So. we need
your help again.
Should I be worried?
Maybe you should be worried
about whether you got
the right guy.
Look. what I don't want.
and what I think
you don't want.
is another riot.
And temperatures are running
damn high right now.
And I need to know
if there's anyone agitating
for any sort of violence.
No one wants
more violence.
And I told you before.
I'm not gonna help you.
Now. my deal with them.
was just the once.
then they said they would
leave me and my family alone.
Yeah. well.
circumstances have changed.
This Lee business has caused
some consternation
down on Earth.
We need to make sure
that things don't repeat
themselves up here.
That sounds like
a you problem.
How do you think your friends
would feel if they found out
what you did back in '03?
What did you say?
[chuckles]
All those people.
Well. they just think
you're God's gift. Don't they?
- [scoffs]
- Imagine how disappointed
they'd all be.
Not to mention
your daughters.
The way
they look up to you.
How do you think
they'd feel
if they found out you
sold out your friends?
We both want
the same thing. Miles.
Peace and quiet.
Now. I'm sure
if you hear of
any trouble brewing.
you'll let me know.
[breathing heavily]
[news anchor]
Governor Polivanov
was quick to announce
that an arrest has been made
in the Red Planet's
first homicide.
Known around the world
as the first man on Mars.
Lee Jung-Gil has been
charged with murder.
Lee defected
from North Korea in 2004
after his home country
was voted out of the M-7
and forced to leave
Happy Valley.
He's accused of killing
a fellow North Korean man.
It is unclear at this time
what motive may have driven
the former ujunaut.
but authorities suspect
it may have been over
a romantic dispute.
The crime has also put
a spotlight on Happy Valley's
undocumented residents.
Many are concerned that
the growing number of craters.
those who came to Mars
illegally and live outside
of the base's legal framework.
is leading to an increase
in crime on the base.
Statistics do not necessarily
support these concerns.
but nonetheless.
many residents state
that they feel less safe
over the past months.
Governor Polivanov emphasized
that no crime will go
unpunished on his watch
and Lee will be on a transport
back to Earth to stand trial.
- [people chattering]
- [Dev] I'm sorry but
there's nothing I can do.
My hands are tied.
The M-6 Charter
clearly states--
Oh. no. Come on.
Fuck the charter!
This is the first man on Mars
we're talking about.
They don't care if he's
the second coming of Christ.
They will not
make an exception.
I've already looked into it.
- Bribe someone.
- They'd love for me to try
something foolish like that.
Then they can send me packing
for Earth right alongside Lee.
Oh. come on.
They'd never come
after you. You're--
My position is not
as strong as you think.
They'd been handing out
contracts to my competitors
left and right.
Like Kuragin with that
space elevator. They're
trying to push me out.
[Ed] So all the more reason
to fight 'em.
Sometimes you have
to pick your battles. Ed.
We wouldn't have this asteroid
or any of this if it wasn't for
Lee Jung-Gil and you know it.
And I will do everything
in my power to protect him
once he's on Earth.
I've already hired
the best legal team.
Oh. it doesn't matter
how goddamn good they are.
If Lee gets sent to Earth.
he's a dead man.
You remember what happened
to Svetlana Zakharova
when they sent her down to
Earth to stand trial in India.
I remember.
She hung herself
in a jail cell.
No. she did not.
She'd never do that.
Soviets had her killed.
And if Lee gets sent to Earth.
the North Koreans
will do the same to him.
Come on. Dev.
I'm sorry. Ed.
I'm sorry
there's nothing I can do.
[Malka]
Nothing you can do?
After all he did
for you?
He didn't do it for me.
He did it for himself
and his wife.
[scoffs] You're
a cold-blooded bastard.
I have to be.
You have to be too
to get what you want.
This is what we fought for.
What I'm still fighting for.
Meru will be a beacon
of freedom for us all.
but to build it
I need to be thinking
three. four steps ahead.
And if I give them any excuse.
the M-6 will swoop down
and snatch it all away from us.
That's all well and good. Dev.
But while you're up here
playing with LEGOs.
Lee's life is on the line.
And I. for one.
will not abandon my friend.
[knocking on door]
May I come in?
I'd like to talk to you
about Yoon Tae-Min.
To make more trouble
for my husband?
No. A-Actually
to find out the truth.
Truth is what officer say.
[sighs] Maybe
where you came from
but that's not how it is here.
Then why...
why is my husband arrested?
That's what I want
to understand.
He did not do this.
How'd your husband
know Mr. Yoon?
He Korean like us.
We try to help people like Yoon
when they arrive.
Get him job.
Get him money.
But then.
trouble come between them.
Why trouble?
My husband.
he's man of pride.
Yoon Tae-Min. he started
spending lots of money
buying gifts.
For me too because he get
better job. better pay.
This job.
What was it?
He work for new company.
Kuragin.
Are you sure?
'Cause Kuragin. Helios.
they can only use union labor.
They can't hire craters.
Yes. I am sure.
He work at night.
out on surface.
Kuragin's not authorized
to do night surface work.
Well. that's what he tell me.
I ask what work with
but he wouldn't say.
He seem afraid.
[objects clinking]
Ah. you were one hell
of a Cosmonaut.
[exhales sharply]
I remember Mir-7.
Damn near turned into a batch
of crispy marshmallows
on that one.
Media blew a big melodrama
out of it.
[sighs]
It was nothing really.
You call it a solid
fuel oxygen generator
spewing out
a three-foot column
of molten bits
of metal and flames.
- You call that nothing?
- [chuckles]
I was never worried.
Please. join me.
This is the most expensive
vodka on the market.
It has little bits
of gold leaf in it.
Well. what do you know?
Look at that.
Hmm.
- Wait. Do we do
the whole thing?
- The whole thing.
Oh. shit.
[both speak Russian]
[chuckles]
[sniffs]
- [clicks tongue]
- [coughs]
[chuckles]
- Well. Admiral. I would--
- [clears throat. coughs]
I would love
to reminisce more
but the tyranny
of my schedule
demands we get down
to business.
Absolutely.
I wanted to talk to you
about Lee Jung-Gil.
Ah.
[inhales sharply] Yes.
I've know the man
for almost 20 years
and I can tell you
without a shadow of a doubt.
he did not commit this murder.
Well. that's something
for the courts to decide. no?
The Mars Charter states that
any resident has the right
to a hearing
on Happy Valley...
[stammers] ...before
they get sent back.
- Every legal resident. yes.
- [scoffs]
But Lee is not a legal resident
and nor is his wife.
And their status
is at the discretion
of the base leadership.
In other words. you.
Huh?
It was my decision.
So change your decision.
Governor.
[chuckles]
Because I can tell you
there is no chance that Lee
had anything to do with this.
[stutters] You remember our...
our first Mars crew
that got stranded here
for 18 months?
Yes. Yes. we all followed that.
It was a miracle
any of you survived.
Well. miracle...
Lee was one of the
main reasons we did.
You know. towards
the end of the mission.
most of the crew got sick.
And when our life support
went down.
Lee was the one
who got it back online.
Even though he'd
never seen anything
but the Soviet systems
that y'all sold
to his country.
So. without Lee
we would've all been dead
and there would be
no colony here today.
[sighs]
Well. I'm glad you...
...brought up his past
as an important context...
Thank you.
...to his case.
Yes. Yes.
[inhales sharply]
Isn't it true that
Lee Jung-Gil threatened
Commander Poole and your
friend Gregory Kuznetsov
with a pistol?
Uh... Well. yeah. well...
he-he was on a military mission
and he didn't know. uh--
And didn't Poole and Kuznetsov
have to forcibly disarm him?
Force... well... [stammers]
Technically they had to...
But-But he didn't--
And wasn't that gun
later used to shoot
Commander Danielle Poole?
Now listen. Molly had nothing
to do with it. It--
Who?
No...
Lee. Lee.
Was he not one
of the main instigators
of the riot that resulted
in that gun being fired?
L-Listen. you're getting it
all twisted. Just...
Wait. wait a sec.
That monitor
on your ankle.
You are sentenced to wearing
it as the result of your own
criminal actions during
that insurrection. correct?
Listen to me.
you son of a bitch.
I'm not a goddamn criminal!
[sighs]
Admiral...
I'm afraid we are
out of time.
[Ed sighs]
- [door opens. shuts]
- [sighs]
[radio chatter]
Congratulations. Walt.
Oh. Thanks. Kelly.
It's a... a start
but it's promising.
For sure.
I heard you were having trouble
with your S.E.E.K.E.R.s.
I spent a lot of time
with those bots and I'd
be happy to help.
They're stone dead.
They went dark before
the sequencer could transmit
a complete backbone
chain analysis.
So. if this means what
we hope it means... [sighs]
...have to confirm it
on the next mission.
Have you thought about
who's gonna be on your crew?
Uh. crew? We're sending
another set of robotic probes.
S-Seriously? [scoffs]
We don't have time for that.
Some of us actually
pay attention to the company
exploration protocols.
Probes first. people second.
And only if warranted
by probe results.
But you're about
to give up our advantage.
You know there are other
companies looking at Titan.
If you really did find life.
it's only a matter of time
before they will too.
I don't need you to tell me
how to do my job.
Why don't you focus
on your precious little crater?
[sighs]
Walt. this isn't
about me or you.
It's about Helios.
[sighs]
We can't blow this.
If another company gets
their hands on it first.
they'll be the ones
to reap the rewards.
We'll lose valuable time
if we send another set
of glitchy
S.E.E.K.E.R. robots.
Humans need to do this.
Oh. I get it.
You're pushing a manned mission
because you wanna be on it.
That's not what I--
I won't go
with a crewed mission
until I have verification
of my results.
That's how it works.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
We have work to do.
[sighs]
[blows]
What is he thinking?
A robotic mission?
[scoffs] I mean. hello.
you think Kuragin is just
gonna bide its time?
[scoffs] They're gonna
snatch life right out
from under us.
Wait. what are you
talking about?
I told Walt the next mission
should be manned.
- And do you know what
he actually said? [scoffs]
- No.
That what I really wanted was
to go on the mission to Titan.
Yeah.
Well. don't you?
No. No. I am
strictly concerned
with the best
scientific approach.
[chuckles]
What?
- Mom. you totally wanna go.
- Yeah. I don't buy
that shit at all.
[chuckles]
No. I don't. Okay?
And that's
beside the point.
All right. he doesn't want
a manned mission
and even if he did. he doesn't
need another exobiologist.
[stammers] Well.
you're still an aviator.
right? Be their pilot.
Dad. I haven't flown
in years.
It's like riding a bike.
If you want something.
don't take no for an answer.
Also you're a Baldwin.
If things get a little tough.
you roll the hard six.
Come on. Alex.
Back me up here.
- Roll the... the what?
- Hard six.
I hear you. Dad.
but technically
Walt is right.
You know. it is safer
if we just send
another round
of robotic probes.
Safer?
Now that's exactly the attitude
that fucked us on Apollo 10 .
When NASA stopped taking risks.
That's why we lost the moon.
[Ed grumbles]
I mean. why am I even
giving this guy the power
to say no to me?
- Exactly. No.
- He doesn't get the last say.
That patronizing prick.
Yeah. Mom.
I'll see you guys later.
Attagirl.
[door closes]
So. what are you
gonna do about Lee?
[groans] I'll figure
something out.
- I wanna help.
- [chuckles] Yeah.
sure you do.
- I really do. No?
- No.
I've been trying to get you
to give a shit for years...
Suddenly now
you wanna help out?
Can't even be bothered
to go to a single SDM meeting.
That was before everything
happened with Lee.
I really want to.
What you want is to do
whatever it is you feel
like in the moment.
See. that's the problem
with your whole generation.
You're so self-centered.
It's me. me. me.
Why don't you just
run around on your beach
in your little video games
and let the adults
handle this. all right?
Yeah. You can be a real
asshole sometimes.
You know that?
[stammers] Alex.
[door closes]
- [Fred] You still
out chasing ducks?
- [Celia] Nah.
- Liar.
- What do you want.
Stanislaus?
Uh. a supermodel wife
and three kids?
- You're not my type.
- Oh. I know. but you asked.
Hey. I caught prisoner
escort duty tomorrow.
You want anything
from the Phoenix Exchange?
Yeah. dental floss.
Get me two. I'll pay you back.
Yeah. not necessary.
I gotcha.
- Night. partner.
- Good night.
[boosters firing in distance]
I know you two have
your differences.
but you are the best
that we have.
And sometimes differences
lead to the best results.
So you guys need to figure
this out. Kelly's right.
A crewed mission to Titan
makes the most sense.
Walt. you'll command.
Your expertise on Titan
is essential.
- Kelly will be your pilot.
- What? She doesn't have--
Dr. Baldwin happens to be
a crack naval aviator
from way back.
As her father
constantly reminds me.
Now get to it.
[sighs]
Yes. sir.
You won't regret this.
Walt.
I wouldn't have forced
the issue unless I truly
believed in this mission.
- Look. I'm sure we'll--
- You're so full of shit.
Excuse me?
The only reason
you're part of this
is 'cause you're
part owner of Helios.
But you know what?
I'll make it work
because I believe in this
even more than you do.
[Ed] The plain
and simple fact is that
tomorrow morning Lee Jung-Gil
gets sent back to Earth
unless the people in this room
do something about it.
What can we do? I mean.
you've already spoken
to the governor.
No. no. We need to take
matters into our own hands.
We need to break him out.
- Now we're talking.
- [Malka] Mm-hmm.
- That's right.
- Guys. come on.
That's too far.
Look. I'm on Lee's side
as much as anybody here.
but what you're talking about
is exactly how things spiral
out of control.
If we do nothing.
Lee could get hurt or killed.
Even if you do come up
with a way to get him
out of custody. what then?
You gonna hide him
somewhere forever?
- [Miles] Right.
- Yeah. Palmer. the governor...
Look. they wouldn't let up
until they find him.
and then they'll
just arrest everyone
who ever talked to Lee.
And then send us all back
down to Earth. including Lee.
We gotta be smart
about this.
- You gone soft. Miles?
- [Ed] Oh. leave him alone.
Look. I understand
their concerns. I do.
I mean. what we're talking
about here is a big risk.
so whoever doesn't wanna be
a part should walk away now.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
[scoffs]
[Ed] It's okay.
- [sighs]
- [door closes]
[sighs] Fucking cowards.
[Ed] Trust me.
It's better this way.
Listen. the word is.
Lee gets shipped off-planet
in less than 20 hours.
so whatever we do.
it's gotta come together
right fucking now.
Well. we can't break
into the holding cells.
We've all been in there.
Hmm. Too many MPKs.
Too many guns.
Yeah. well. w-we gotta
engineer this in a way
without making
anyone famous.
We gotta find the weakness
in their chains somehow.
You know. when I was locked up.
the guards got most worried
when they had to
take us to court.
That makes sense.
You're more vulnerable
when you're out in the world.
Yeah. like when they take Lee
out to move him up to Phoenix.
- That's right.
- So what? We hijack a hopper?
- That's crazy.
- Maybe not.
I'm not on rota
to fly to Phoenix tomorrow.
but I think I can swap
with Hansen.
Well. then we got a hopper.
- Ronnie. you still have
access to the motor pool?
- Sure do.
Well. now we're
cooking with gas.
But how do we even
get him away from the MPKs?
[groans]
I think I got something.
[Celia] Excuse me.
What can I do
for you. Officer?
Uh. I need to speak
to whoever's in charge
of your employee records.
Concerning?
Concerning. uh. Yoon Tae-Min.
Uh. Mr. Yoon is reported
to have done some night
surface work for Kuragin.
and. uh. I need to know
what he was doing.
Isn't that sort
of inquiry usually done
by an investigator?
Well. today
it's being done by me.
I'm sorry.
but you wasted your time.
There is no night surface work
done by Kuragin.
A hopper landed last night
near the space elevator.
and cargo was seen
being unloaded.
Cargo that doesn't appear
on any official base manifest.
We have no such shipments
as you describe.
So. I need to know
what you're bringing down here
and what that cargo was.
Tomas. our guest
was just leaving.
Have a nice sol.
Officer.
[voice on PA system]
The entry port is off limits.
[MPK officer] Can't do anything
if any of you do not leave
right fucking now.
Okay. All clear
for prisoner transport.
[Palmer. on radio]
Copy that. Almost there.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Whoa. Hold on.
It's okay.
Give them a minute.
[sobs]
[in Korean]
[sobbing]
[in English] All right. Lee.
It's time to go.
[sobbing. sniffling]
[radio chatter]
Boss around?
Entry port.
They're moving Lee.
Uh. prisoner transport
wasn't scheduled
for another hour.
Moved it up.
Oh. shit.
All right.
Here. Sit down.
[clears throat]
Hey. Spano.
You think they got floss
- up at their PX up
on Phoenix?
- I don't floss. man.
- You don't what?
- Floss. I don't floss.
[Fred] You don't floss?
Out of principle?
Brother. gum disease is real.
It'll get ya.
Hey.
Pressure is dropping.
[sighs] What?
[beeping]
What the hell?
Hey. What are you guys
doing up there?
We're losing pressure
back here.
Hey! We're losing pressure
[shouting. muffled]
Transport One? Transport One!
Have 'em contact
the protester's family.
Sir. can I talk to you
before they take off?
They're already on board.
Rover's about to separate.
Yes. sir. Uh. there's
something going on at Kuragin.
I think it might be connected
to Yoon's death.
- What is it?
- Well. I don't know exactly.
But they're covering
something up. Lee might not
be the right guy.
[Fred. on radio] 10-99.
10-99. Officers need help.
- I need a sitrep.
- [Fred] We need help!
[panting] Shit.
Equalization valve
is broken. [panting]
- [alarm blaring]
- [groaning]
- Oxygen.
- Check the tanks.
[muffled] Get the tanks.
[Spano] It's empty.
[groaning]
[panting]
[PA system chimes]
- Warning.
- Jesus.
PK Transport One. we have
officers trapped in there.
Respond.
[strains] I can't get in.
[Celia] Respond!
What?
Ed Baldwin?
[Ed] We're good to disconnect.
Here we go.
Let's go.
Dispatch. I need
every patrol rover
after PK Transport One.
Stop them and execute
emergency entry.
- [dispatcher] Copy that.
- ATC. Sheriff James.
Do you have eyes on the rover
leaving gate six?
[ATC specialist 1]
Affirmative. Sheriff.
It's headed
toward the hopper pads.
Suit up. I need all my pilots
out there in hoppers now.
I'm not letting these fuckers
get out of here.
Yes. sir.
[Ed] How's he doing?
- Pulse is fine.
but he's still out.
- [Ed] All right.
Pressure's coming back up.
Uncuff Lee.
- [rumbling]
- [grunts]
- [groaning]
- [Ed] What was that?
[groans]
Hold all air traffic.
Nothing flies unless I say so.
- Yes. Governor.
- Where are they?
Heading to pad five.
cargo hopper.
Hold all air traffic.
- Understood?
- [ATC specialist 2]
Yes. ma'am.
All flights stand down.
Goddamn it.
[in Portuguese]
[breathing heavily]
[in English]
I'll never make it.
I don't think I can
fly the hopper.
Then I'll fly.
- Are you sure? I thought you
weren't supposed to fly.
- Of course I'm sure.
[in Scottish accent]
I didn't get all dressed up
for nothing.
[sighs] You think you can drive
the rover clear of the plume?
- Yeah.
- Good. All right.
Lee. Hey.
Wake up.
[grunts]
Okay.
Yeah.
Well. wake up.
[chuckles]
Come on.
I'm okay.
- [Ed] Yeah. yeah.
- Dispatch. James.
Where the hell
are my air assets?
[dispatcher] Heading
to our hoppers now. sir.
Tell 'em to get
their asses in gear.
[Ed] Full internal power.
Okay.
[engine starts]
Here we go.
[Ed coughs. mutters]
Those son of a bitches...
[coughs] ...are right
behind us. [coughs]
[Palmer. on radio]
PK Air Four. Command.
Give me your status.
Command. Air Four.
We got eyes on 'em.
but we're pushing red line.
Do not lose them.
Exceed red line if you have to.
You've got MPK Air Two inbound
at your 4:00.
[Lenya] Are they trying for
Korolev Crater?
Korolev is north.
Only thing that way is--
ISN Compound.
Son of a bitch.
Boyd. he can't reach
that base. They don't have
an extradition treaty
- with the M-6.
- Wilco.
[Ed coughs]
[coughing]
[coughs]
[wheezes]
[Celia] Sir.
we're gaining on them.
[Palmer] Good. Stay on it.
[coughs. wheezes]
[Palmer. on radio] Ed.
surrender now and you
won't be harmed.
Son of a bitch.
[groans. pants] Lee.
It's time for you
to head below. Suit up.
As soon as we touch down.
I'm gonna kill the engine.
give you enough time
to drop down.
[wheezing. coughing]
What about you?
Don't worry about me.
[in Korean]
[automated voice] Warning.
Landing beacon not acquired.
Warning. Landing beacon
not acquired.
[in English] Command.
MPK Air Four.
Their hopper's landing
near ISN.
Stay on 'em. We cannot
let them reach that base.
[Lee panting]
[MPK officer]
He's making a break
for the ISN base air lock.
We're pursuing on foot.
All right. Admiral.
Show's over.
Let me see your hands.
Admiral.
Come on now.
Please don't make me...
Air Four. PK Boyd.
We need a medic
right fucking now.
[dispatcher] Copy that.
Prep the air lock for entry.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm